Blog Post - Debugging skillz (#47741)
supabase/supabase: apps/www/_blog/2026-08-12-agent-skill-debugging.mdx

---
title: 'Introducing the Supabase debugging skills'

> description: 'Install the Supabase agent skill and your coding agent debugs Supabase errors by evidence instead of scanning every log.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Install the Supabase agent skill and your coding agent investigates and debugs Supabase errors with evidence instead of slowly scanning every log.'
```

  - developer-tools
date: '2026-08-12'
toc_depth: 2
---

The [Supabase agent skill](https://github.com/supabase/agent-skills) now includes a debugging workflow. Install it, and the next time your agent hits a Supabase error, it stops guessing and starts investigating.

## Why install it

Claude Code, Cursor, and other coding agents connect to Supabase through the [Supabase MCP server](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/getting-started/mcp) or the CLI, so they debug your project as often as they write code for it. Left on their own, agents default to the same failure mode: a broad, all-source log scan with no time bound and no filter. That buries the one line that matters, floods the agent's context, and on paid projects runs up the data scanned.

With the skill installed, your agent instead reproduces the error, isolates which Supabase service caused it, and runs one narrow log query against that exact source before proposing a fix. The approach comes straight from Supabase's own [Debugging guide](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/monitoring-and-debugging/debugging), so it stays current as that guide is updated, without needing a new version of the skill.

## What you get

> - **Root-cause fixes, not symptom patches.** The agent isolates the layer that actually failed (Auth, the Data API, Realtime, Storage, Edge Functions, or Postgres itself) instead of pattern-matching the error message.

Author: fixed in d79df1cd71
